covid-policy-pybay-2023 (#3)
BAPyA/References: 2023-pybay-covid-policy.md

We will have masks available at the conference for anyone who needs them. It is expected that requests for personal space will be respected by attendees. Respecting such requests is covered by the PyBay code of conduct. 

While we follow San Francisco's guidance for this outdoor event and don't require masks or proof of vaccination, we respect individual choices. Please prioritize hygiene, personal space, and your health. Stay home if unwell. Your safety matters most as we enjoy the event together.

**At a minimum, we will be following all mandated venue, municipality, and province guidelines. This list, and all protocols, are subject to change if the COVID-19 situation changes.**

#### Vaccine Guideline

Should local regulations change to require showing vaccination, we expect that you:

> * have completed a full round of vaccine (1 dose of a single-dose vaccine or 2 doses of a two-dose vaccine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* are fully vaccinated for COVID-19 (1 dose of a single-dose vaccine or 2 doses of a two-dose vaccine)
```
